doc: add relational table schema doc + move files (#3712)
singularity-data/risingwave: docs/relational_table/relational-table-schema.md

# Relational Table Schema

We introduce the rough cell-based table format in [relational states](storing-state-using-relational-table.md#cell-based-encoding)

In this doc, we will take HashAgg with extreme state (`max`, `min`) or value state (`sum`, `count`) for example, introduce more detail design for internal table schema.

[Code](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/blob/7f9ad2240712aa0cfe3edffb4535d43b42f32cc5/src/frontend/src/optimizer/plan_node/logical_agg.rs#L144)

## Table id
For all relational table states, the keyspace must start with `table_id`. This is a global unique id allocated in meta. Meta is responsible for traversing the Plan Tree and calculating the total number of Relational Tables needed. For example, the Hash Join Operator needs 2, one for the left table and one for the right table. The number of tables needed for Agg depends on the number of agg calls.

## Value State (Sum, Count)

> sample sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query example:
```

```sql
select sum(v2), count(v3) from t group by v1 
```

This query will need to initiate 2 Relational Tables. The schema is `table_id/group_key/column_id`.

> ## Extreme State (Max, Min)

Reviewer: The corresponding concept is actually named `TableState`. But since we have only one implementation of `TableState` now, that is , `ExtremeState`, this also LGTM.

https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/blob/1bb848be3db39ade1a759d4f945498d607c985cb/src/stream/src/executor/managed_state/aggregation/extreme.rs#L101

sample sql
```sql
select max(v2), min(v3) from t group by v1 
```

> This sql will need to init 2 Relational Table. If the upstream is not append only, the schema becomes `table_id/group_key/sort_key/upstrea_pk/column_id`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query will need to initialize 2 Relational Tables. If the upstream is not append-only, the schema becomes `table_id/group_key/sort_key/upstrea_pk/column_id`. 
```
